1. In the below elements which of them are values or an expression? EX:- values can be integer or string and expressions will be mathmatical operators.
Answer:- 
    Integer: 6
    String: 'hello'
    Expression:
    Float: -87.8
    mathmatical operators: *,/,+,-
    
2.What is hte diffrence between between string and varibale?
Answer:-
    STRING: STRING is a value representing text.
    VARIABLE: Variable is a name refers the value.
 
3. Describe three diffrent data types.
Answer:-
    Numeric Data Type(int,long,float,complex)
    a. int :- hold signed integers on Non limited length.
    b. long:- hold long integer.
    c. complex:- hold complex number.
    
    String Data Type:-
         String is a sequence of character,which is represented by the double or single quotes.
        
    List Data Type:-
        List is the versatile data types exclusive in python.
        List in python is it can continuously hold diffrent type of Data.
        
4.What is an expression made up of? What do all expressions do?
Answer:- It is made up of variables, operators, and method invocations.
         An expression is a combination of operators and operand that is interpreted produce some other value.
      
5.This assignment statements, like spam =10.what is the diffrence between an expression and a statement?
Answer:-spam = 10  (statement)
        spam = 10 +spam (expression)
       
6. After running the following code,what does the variable bacon contain?
    bacon =22
    bacon + 1

Answer:- output : value of bacon 22 for "bacon = 22 "
                  value of bacon is same but output is 23 for "bacon + 1"
                  
7. What should the values of the following two terms be?
      a.  'spam' + 'spamspam'
      b.   'spam'*3
Answer:-
a. 'spam' + 'spamspam'
           output: 'spamspamspam'
b.  'spam'*3
           output: 'spamspamspam'
           
8.Why is eggs a valid variable name while 100 is invalid?
Answer:-
        egg is valid because its a string.and variable begin with char or string.
        100 is invalid because varible never starts with number(integer).
        

9.What three function can be used to get the integer,float-point number,or string version of value?
Answer:-
         int(),float(),char().
         
10.Why does this expression cause an error? How can you fix it?
           'I have eaten'+ 99 +'burritos.'
Answere:-    because 99 is not a string to concatinate with other two given string. so we use single code to treated as a string. 
            solution:  'I have eaten'+ ' 99 ' + 'burritos' 
                    output:  'I have eaten 99 burritos'
    
     
